Turing v0.46 (#698)
TuringLang/TuringTutorials: core-functionality/index.qmd

#### AD Backend

Turing is thoroughly tested with four automatic differentiation (AD) backend packages.
The default AD backend is [ForwardDiff](https://github.com/JuliaDiff/ForwardDiff.jl), which uses forward-mode AD.

> Three other backends are also supported: [Mooncake](https://github.com/compintell/Mooncake.jl), [ReverseDiff](https://github.com/JuliaDiff/ReverseDiff.jl), and [Enzyme](https://github.com/EnzymeAD/Enzyme.jl).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Three other backends are also supported: [Mooncake](https://github.com/chalk-lab/Mooncake.jl), [ReverseDiff](https://github.com/JuliaDiff/ReverseDiff.jl), and [Enzyme](https://github.com/EnzymeAD/Enzyme.jl).
```

Author: Ahh, didn't notice old url of Mooncake
